About the job

About The Team

Zillow Group’s mission is to give people the power to unlock life's next chapter. The Customer Conversion Analytics team builds models that enable smarter products and deliver strategic insights that help customers transition from browsing to successfully buying or selling a home.

Zillow, the top real estate website in the U.S., is building an on-demand real estate experience. Whether selling, buying, renting or financing, customers can turn to Zillow to find and get into their next home with speed, certainty and ease.

About The Role

This role will employ a broad variety of data science skills, all with the aim of creating a fantastic product that supports Flex agents who partner with Zillow via revenue sharing to help buyers navigate their home-buying journey. This role helps understand questions such as:

Real estate transactions are long processes with a large range of possible duration to transaction. Given this and idiosyncrasies associated with buyers, markets and properties, when we deliver new leads to agents, how many of those will eventually convert to transactions?
How can we leverage existing data and experimentation to provide improved guidance on revenue sharing with Flex agents in different markets?
How can we advise Finance and Operations partners on strategic decisions regarding the Flex program?

To that end, you will:

Maintain and improve an existing production conversion model that supports our Flex Agent business. 
Proactively conduct hypothesis-focused deep dives and explorations to understand the seller journey and experience with Zillow Group products
Design and execute experiments (ex: A/B tests) that measure impact of product changes. Frame experimentation problems, both statistically and within the business and customer context
Present and interpret customer insights, metric development, testing methodologies, and experimentation results to technical and non-technical partners
Work with engineering teams to improve data collection procedures to ensure integrity and quality of the data. 

This role has been categorized as a Remote position. “Remote” employees do not have a permanent corporate office workplace and, instead, work from a physical location of their choice which must be identified to the Company. Employees may live in any of the 50 US States, with limited exceptions. In certain cases, an employee in a remote-designated job may need to live in a specific region or time zone to support customers or clients as part of their role.

In California, Colorado, Connecticut, Nevada, New York City and Washington the standard base pay range for this role is $140,900.00 - $225,100.00 Annually. This base pay range is specific to California, Colorado, Connecticut, Nevada, New York City and Washington and may not be applicable to other locations.

In addition to a competitive base salary this position is also eligible for equity awards based on factors such as experience, performance and location. Actual amounts will vary depending on experience, performance and location.

Who you are

Are you passionate about all things “home”? Would you describe yourself as a curious and ambitious problem solver? Come help us guide our business into the future with powerful insights and recommendations! We're seeking a data scientist with the follow qualifications:

Possesses either an undergraduate or Master's degree in a quantitative field (e.g. mathematics, finance, statistics, or similar) or confirmed experience within data science and analytics
3+ years of work experience involving quantitative data analysis and complex problem solving
Excellent communication skills with the ability to distill complex issues and detailed analysis into simple, structured frameworks with concrete action plans
Experience building statistical models to yield insights from complex user journeys. Experience in maintaining and developing production-grade models is a must. 
Strong proficiency in Python and/or another programming language; experience using SQL, Tableau, Excel and Airflow. 
Experience in experimentation methodologies, causal inferences and pricing
Strong product sense

Get to know us

Zillow is reimagining real estate to make home a reality for more and more people.

As the most-visited real estate website in the United States, Zillow® and its affiliates help movers find and win their home through digital solutions, first class partners, and easier buying, selling, financing and renting experiences. Millions of people visit Zillow Group sites every month to start their home search, and now they can rely on Zillow to help make it easier to move. The work we do helps people get home and no matter what job you're in, you will play a critical role in making home a reality for more and more people.

Our efforts to streamline the real estate transaction are supported by a deep-rooted culture of innovation, our passion to redefine the employee experience, a fundamental commitment to Equity and Belonging, and world-class benefits. These benefits include comprehensive medical, dental, vision, life, and disability coverages as well as parental leave, family benefits, retirement contributions, and paid time off. We’re also setting the standard for work experiences of the future, where our employees are supported in doing their best work and living a flexible, well-balanced life. But don’t just take our word for it. Read recent reviews on Glassdoor and recent recognition from multiple organizations, including: the 100 Best Companies to Work For, Glassdoor Employees’ Choice Award, Bloomberg Gender-Equality Index, Human Rights Campaign (HRC) Corporate Equity Index, and TIME 100 Most Influential Companies list.

Zillow Group is an equal opportunity employer committed to fostering an inclusive, innovative environment with the best employees. We are committed to equal employment opportunity regardless of race, color, ancestry, religion, sex, national origin, sexual orientation, age, citizenship, marital status, disability, gender identity or Veteran status. If you have a disability or special need that requires accommodation, please contact us at RecruitingAccessibility@zillowgroup.com.

Applicants who receive job offers from Zillow Group will be asked to sign a Proprietary Rights Agreement which includes confidentiality, intellectual property assignment, customer and employee non-solicitation, and non-competition provisions. If you are contacted for a role at Zillow Group and wish to review a copy of the Proprietary Rights Agreement prior to receiving an offer, you may request a copy from your Recruiter.